welcome to the man of recaps this is the
100 seasons one through five after a
nuclear apocalypse humanity has fled to
space on the ark but they're running out
of air so they send the 100 juvenile
delinquents down to earth to see if it's
habitable although two of them died in
landing so it's down to 98 immediately
but the rest of them aren't killed by
radiation so humans are back on earth
unfortunately they are juvenile
delinquents so it immediately turns into
a Lord of the Flies teenage sex party
our main character is Clarke Griffin
she's the responsible one her mom's
actually the chief doctor on the ark and
is monitoring their wristbands to see if
they survive Bellamy Blake is like hey
we don't need the adults anyway let's
break all our wristbands so they don't
come down we can have a forever teenage
sex party the hot girl is his sister
Octavia he's very protective of her in
fact she spent most of her life hiding
in the floor because the strict
one-child only policy by the way that's
why they're all teenagers on the ark
there's limited resources so if you
break any law as an adult you're
immediately spaced the Chancellor's son
will is down here too and a lot of the
other kids hate him because his dad's
space to their parents luckily there's
cool kids like Finn who keep everyone
chill if it's hard to tell them apart at
first don't feel bad they do all have
the same haircut one of the kids whose
parents were spaced is just a little
girl but she goes ahead and kills will a
little girl they'll assume it's John
Murphy because he's been talking about
killing will non-stop they start to hang
him and the little girl confesses at the
last minute it's like okay we're not
gonna hang a little girl but Murphy
doesn't think that's fair
the little girl ends up feeling bad and
jumping off a cliff and Bellamy's pissed
so he exiled Murphy banished now up on
the ark they're still running out of air
Marcus Kane thinks they need to kill
about 300 people but Clarke's mom Abby
Griffin is not okay with that she gets
Raven Reyes a super smart super hot
engineer she sends her down on a landing
pod to help get communications back up
Raven makes it to earth and turns out
Finn is her boyfriend it's awkward
timing because Finn and Clarke hooked up
like literally last night unfortunately
her new comm system is broken because
Bellamy got there first and threw it in
the river he didn't know though that
they were about to kill 300 people
whoops the kids try to contact them the
old-fashioned way but it's too late and
hello the Colleen the 100 have some more
immediate concerns on Earth turns out
there
alone yes some humans survived the
apocalypse they call them grounders and
their tribal badass types kinda sexy
in fact they capture one named Lincoln
who has incredible abs so Octavia gets a
crush on him helps him escape and they
have awesome gave man sex he set some
peace talks with his tribes leader this
girl Anya but one of the kids gets a
little trigger-happy and pieces out the
window so they're preparing for war the
100 have guns but limited ammo so when
the battle breaks out they have to
improvise boom like the ignition rocket
fire takes them all out so the battle is
won but what's this knockout gas guys
with masks and machine guns what's going
on in season 2 Clarke wakes up in a
hospital she busts on out of there but
turns out it's a really nice happy place
it's Mount weather an official nuclear
bunker the president explains they're
all still inside because the earth is
still radioactive the 100 grew up in
space so their bodies are more used to
it for science reasons it seems great
and they have chocolate cake but Clarke
doesn't trust them sure enough they're
draining the blood from grounders to
help heal their radiation sickness
Clarke rescues Anya and together they
take a leap to escape upon the ark
they're actually running out of air all
the way now so they crash the ark down
to earth they set up camp at Arcadia
which means no more Lord of the Flies
stuff the adults are in charge again
Clark's reunited with Bellamy they
started as enemies but now I totally
ship it but her current boyfriend Finn
is still out looking for her he thinks
the grounders took her and when one
jumps the fence so he shoots one and one
turns into two and two turns into the
whole village Cain goes to make peace
with the grounders but who should he
find there except counselor jaha Josh
stayed behind to go down with the ship
but changed his mind pulled a crazy
stunt and rode a nuclear missile down to
earth which mostly worked anyway the top
grounder commander is another young girl
LexA she's like hey I'm down for peace
but your guy massacred a whole village
and we have a saying here blood must
have blood so they're gonna kill them
all but Clarke goes to talk to her like
hey mount weather has both our people we
need to ally against that Lex is like
all right I'm down but Finn still has to
be executed death by a thousand cuts
Clarke rushes over there and kisses him
goodbye it also gives him a merciful
death by one cut to hang Clarke hard
core things are getting worse in Mount
weather
the president's son took over and
because he wants them to be Unruh do
active he starts harvesting the 100's
bone marrow they can't attack yet
because Mount weather has a poison fog
defense system so they sneak Bellamy in
with the help of Jasper's new mount
weather girlfriend turns out there's a
bigger problem though mount weather is
about to launch a missile at them Clarke
wants to evacuate but let's just like
hey if we do they'll know we have an
Inside Man so boom Clarke lets the
missile strike happen hardcore Clarke
LexA thinks that sexy and kisses Clarke
and Clark's into it all right
anyway Bellamy disables the poison flog
and grounder and Skye people march
together but LexA made a deal with mount
weather to release all the grounders
sorry Clarke your people weren't part of
the deal and the grounders all peace out
so the sky crew is on their own Octavia
made friends with this grounder woman
Indra who teaches her to fight she sucks
now but you just wait a few seasons they
get to the control room but the new
president won't stop the only way for
Clarke to save her people is to open the
vents and let in all the radioactive air
oh all the Mount weather people going
down which includes a bunch of civilians
and Jasper's girlfriend who helped them
so her people are saved but this is too
hardcore even for Clarke she needs some
time alone meanwhile jaha is on a Moses
type exodus to the City of Light -
grounder myth they meet a hot scavenger
chick but she has a mutant radioactive
and Murphy's here though and since he
was banished early he missed the whole
teenage sex party so he'll take what he
can get long story short they find a
mansion and inside is a woman who is a
hologram yeah she's an artificial
intelligence named Ally
not just any AI the one who launched the
nukes that destroyed the world
destroying humanity to save it you know
classic so in season 3 she shows jaha
the City of Light it's a virtual world
like the matrix but where everyone's
happy all the time
jaha is super excited about it but
Murphy's like nah I kind of like being
angsty so he pieces out of there with
his mutant girlfriend Clarke has been
living in the wilderness and has dyed
her hair red the grounders are looking
for her now after what she did in Mount
weather
they call her Wan Haida the commander of
death they bring her to see LexA in the
grounder capital of polis it's a ruined
city with one big building left Clarke
still pissed LexA left her hanging him
out weather but Lex is like hey let's
let bygones be bygones I need
help now see the commander presides over
the Alliance of the 12 clans but the ice
nation wants to start some trouble and
LexA just pulled a this is sparta on him
so now she wants the sky crew to join
them as the 13th clan
now an ice nation girl warned Bellamy
that it was a trap so they bust into
saebom but turns out the trap warning
was the trap the real trap is at Mount
weather where Scott crew's been hanging
out an ice Nation assassin sneaks in and
blows the place up the ice Queen's like
yeah I did it I challenge you for
leadership fighting on my behalf is my
son roe he's a super hot dude who gets
stabbed as much as possible so he has an
excuse to take his shirt off he and LexA
have a trial by combat
she wins but instead of killing him she
takes out his mom oh she was the real
problem she's sensible attuned to
Arcadia to protect against any further
ice nation aggression but the sky people
have just found some friends from
another arc crash site they're led by
this guy pike and they've had bad
experiences with grounders so in Kane
explains they just joined them and
become the 13th clan Pike is not happy
and a lot of people support him they
elect him Chancellor he immediately
sends guys with guns out to slaughter
the army that was there to protect them
Oh
Clarke's like hey please don't kill all
my people maybe blood must not have
blood and LexA listens to her because
Clarke's hot and these two are like
officially dating now they're like okay
we only want Pike but Bellamy's haven't
none of that Kane tries to tase him and
turn him in but they catch him they're
going to execute him but in a rescue
mission
Lincoln turns himself in so they can get
away no Pike shoots Lincoln no Octavia
is so sad she blames her brother Bellamy
for letting this happen
Bellamy realizes he may be on the wrong
side in this so he leads Pike into a
trap and they finally hand him over but
there's new grounder leadership because
LexA accidentally got shot when the
commander dies the high priest the
keeper of the flame takes out a computer
chip thing from their neck yeah a
hundred years ago when the AI ally
destroyed the world her creator Becca
designed a new better AI one that would
interface with humans and not be evil
she flew back down to earth met the
survivors and became the first commander
since then that computer chip they
called the flame has been passed down
through commanders but it only works if
you have compatible blood which is night
blood because it's black his nation has
their own
blood and she kills all the other kids
and takes over to keep her of the flames
not cool at that he gives it to Clark
he's like get out of here and find a new
not evil nightlight so without the
official flame ceremony this new girls
meeting some resistance luckily for her
Murphy is there and helps teach her how
to keep control she keeps him chained up
in her bedroom and likes to have sex
with him not the worst thing he's had to
do to survive meanwhile jaha made it
back to Arcadia he's talking like a
prophet now he wants people to take the
key to the City of Light and it will
take away all their pain Raven got shot
in season one long story so she's like
yeah my leg hurts I'll take it and boom
yeah her legs all better and she can see
Allie but by the time she realizes Ali's
evil the whole camp has taken the chip
and they're being mind-controlled by a
rogue AI Jasper grabs her and they bust
on out of there long story short managed
to zap Allie out of Ravens head and now
Raven knows the way to shut Allie down
is with the second new AI the flame they
need to find a knight blood to put the
flame in the only one they know of is on
an oil rig her name's Luna but she's
like now I'm not interested so she kicks
him out more on her later they find the
ice nation king and hatch a plot to work
together but by this time everyone else
has taken the chip so their plan fails
immediately they try to make the Clark
take the chip by having her mom killed
herself luckily her friends get there
just in time to save her long story
short Clarke gets a neck blood infusion
and takes the flame herself she goes
into the City of Light which is pretty
much exactly the matrix including her
own personal Morpheus it's LexA her
consciousness is here for reasons she's
also got Raven back on the matrix
computers to open a door for her and
Clarke finds the shutdown switch but
before she can use it alie has some bad
news all the nuclear reactors around the
world are just melting down there's
gonna be a second nuclear apocalypse in
like six months the City of Light is the
only way to save humanity by storing
their minds digitally Clarke's like now
I'll take my chances
and boom pulls the kill switch alie
defeated in the big fight that was
happening everyone suddenly on mind
controlled and can also suddenly feel
pain again Bellamy's like good job
Clarke you saved the day again and she's
like not really so now it's season four
this ice nation check echo decides to
just take command and her plan is to
kill all of sky crew as punishment for
Allie
luckily the King wakes up and his shirts
off again Clarke explains that a new
nuclear apocalypse is coming and he
like yeah I'm not gonna kill you do
everything you can to stop that
Octavia works to keep him in power
assassinating anyone that wants to
challenge him yeah like I told you
Octavia is a badass fighter now they
call her Skye Ripa death from the sky by
the way Kane and Clark's mom are in love
now even though they spent the whole
series as rivals it was really not that
long ago he was whipping her in the town
square
also Monty and Harper's started hooking
up I haven't mentioned either of them at
all yet but they've been around since
the beginning in fact it's Monty who has
the bright idea to use the crashed arc
as a safe bunker when the Ice King hears
about this he's gonna go take it they
chased down Octavia before she can warn
them Octavia and EKKO have a one-on-one
fight but Oh
Octavia is stabbed and she falls off the
cliff into the river and then her horse
comes it's an exact reenactment of the
scene from Lord of the Rings
anyway she gets there just in time to
warn them and Clarke has to go talk some
sense into this guy again they agree
they'll split the arc fifty-fifty
unfortunately a grounder got inside that
hates technology because Ally made him
kill his family so he decides to burn
the whole thing town
oh no that's not saving anyone luckily a
new plan emerges when some irradiated
grounders show up including the night
bled Luna they all die but Luna survives
probably because of her night blood they
go to the lab where jaha first found
Ally and come up with a way to
synthesize night blood for everyone of
course they won't know if it works until
they test it long story short attempt
one fails horribly but for test number
two Clarke's gonna try it on herself her
mom though is not okay with that
destroys the machine so there's no way
to know if it'll work until it's too
late so their next best plan is Jos who
found an old newspaper article about a
doomsday cult who might have a bunker
turns out it's in the ground or Holy
Temple and jaha finds the key that opens
it it looks like the cult never got a
chance to use it
but it is a fully functional Tuesday
bunker only question now is how to
decide who gets in the grounders all
agree to do the only rational thing have
a Hunger Games
unfortunately Luna shows up and since
her whole clan was wiped out she fights
for no one the human race doesn't
deserve to survive so it's a battle
royale ice king and Skye Ripa make a
temporary alliance to take down Luna cuz
she is a really good fighter she ends up
kill
the ice king but Octavia gets her yeah
and Octavia called skai kru is the
champion but she's like I don't fight
for sky crew now we are all one crew
everyone shares the bunker unfortunately
sky crew already took it they did not
trust her to win so they were like let's
just sneak in and lock the door
Bellamy's not okay with that his sisters
still up there Clarke almost stops him
but she's not gonna shoot Bellamy so now
they have to share each clan gets to
pick 100 people to be fair they'll do a
random lottery but that fails after
about three seconds so Kane and jaha
gasp their own people and pick the
hundred that survived from a list Clarke
wrote up just in case Clarke and Bellamy
aren't actually there though they left
on a mission to save Raven they're way
too late to get back to the bunker but
they have a new plan go into space yeah
they got a rocket ship here Murphy and
his mutant girlfriend are with him
so is echo the ice nation girl she was
their enemy but she saved them on the
way here so that gets a spot Jasper
sadly is not with them he's been on a
real nihilist kick ever since his mount
weather girlfriend died so now he stays
behind to throw an end-of-the-world
party for all the people that are just
sick of fighting it's super sad for his
best friend Monty but Monty and his
girlfriend Harper are coming on the
rocket too so yeah with five years in
space maybe Clarke and Bellamy will
finally get together except the
communications towers broken Clarke's
got her run over there and fix it and
there's no way she's gonna make it back
in time they have to take off without
her by car but Clark gets the
communications up in time for them to
get onto the space station will Clarke
survive it doesn't look good but then
it's a six year time jump to make up for
the actor's aging and huh boo Clarke's
alive yeah the night blood work she's
radiation proof but the Earth's been
habitable again for a whole year where
is everyone the 100 season five so right
after prime FIYA Clarke went back to
polis to try to get into the bunker but
it was covered under a lot of rubble the
rest of the world basically turned to
desert except for this one beautiful
valley there Clarke finds a little girl
who's a natural nightblood and together
they live happily for six years up in
space things are pretty good except they
have to eat gross algae every day and
they just don't have enough fuel to get
back to earth but one day a new
spaceship shows up what is this
aliens no turns out it was an asteroid
mining mission they've been in cryo
sleep this whole time and have no idea
they missed two nuclear apocalypses
unfortunately though all the miners were
prisoners they're led by this woman
Colonel diosa who is somewhat reasonable
but will shoot you without a second
thought the space crew go on to their
mothership which is empty except for 200
more of them in cryo sleep so they grab
some fuel and finally get back to earth
where Bellamy's like hey let's work
together or I pull the plug on your two
hundred friends he and Clarke are
reunited but he started dating echo in
space it was a long six years anyway
they get the miners help to open the
bunker but the bunker has turned into a
bloodsport gladiator cult led by Octavia
the Red Queen blood Raina very early on
they realized they were trapped under a
mountain of rubble and maybe stuck here
forever chaos broke out but Octavia held
it together with sheer brute strength
she's like we are all one crew or you're
an enemy of one crew they started up
gladiator fights cuz they had too much
population anyway and things just went
from there
jaha died at some point but Clarke's mom
is still alive though she's addicted to
painkillers but Marcus Kane is still
alive and has grown a glorious Nick Cage
hair so they're rescued from the bunker
but the miner prisoners managed to hack
their ship and open up all the cryo
tubes without any leverage against them
it's like sorry but we're just gonna
take the whole valley for ourselves you
guys stay here or we'll blast you with
sonic mining cannons so the minor
prisoners enjoy their Valley
they took Clark's mom and Kane with them
because they need a doctor a lot of them
have the black lung from mining
asteroids flutter Anna's ready to march
to war but Clarke tries to negotiate
peace steals us down for peace because
she's pregnant but Octavia is kind of
crazy these days she wants the war so
it's a tough dilemma for Bella knee but
he poisons his sister just a little bit
to knock her out for a few days they're
gonna unite everyone under Clarke's
young night blood girl give her the
flame make her an official commander but
Clarke is not happy about this she wants
to protect her at all costs
and so basically kidnaps her she may be
right because Octavia wants to hunt her
down she also makes her brother fight to
the death but Monty jumps in to save the
day
he was able to use his algae to reefer
ttle eyes the land they don't need to
fight for the valley they can live here
Octavia has lost her mind though she
burns all
the crop and now they have no choice but
to fight when did Octavia get so crazy
well during the dark year in the bunker
they had to resort to cannibalism and
the thing was it couldn't be optional if
people starve to death they're not good
food for the rest of them so Octavia had
to force people at gunpoint
to be cannibals it saved the bunker but
it kind of broke her over in the valley
Clarke's mom found a cure for the lung
disease but the Colonel's like hate
don't do it yet half the prisoners are
loyal to my baby-daddy McCleary who's a
real bad dude and I'm happy to just let
him die Murphy tells McCleary this hit
starts a civil war McCleary wins so now
there's no chance of peace Clarke
actually helps him out to protect her
girl from Octavia so when one crew
marches to battle it's a trap they're
mowed down
Octavia realizes she's been acting crazy
so she leaps out for a final stand
sacrificing herself while her people get
away but she doesn't die reinforcements
show up the little girl finally talked
some sense into Clarke
so they bust in with their friends and
rescue them blood Rayna kneels to the
new commander and one crew is united
again they storm the valley and this
time they win but McCleary is like if I
can't have the valley no one can boom he
launches the super explosive and
radioactive fuel they mind they take him
out but in about 15 minutes
it's nuclear apocalypse number three the
main characters I'll make it to the ship
just in time and the last survivors of
humanity are back in space to ride out a
nuclear apocalypse once again this one
should only last about 10 years and
that's nothing if you're in cryo sleep
so in no time at all Clarke and Bellamy
wake up but there's a random new dude
here oh it's Monty and Harper's son
they stayed awake to make sure
everything ran smoothly but it did not
run smoothly
turns out earth can only handle so many
nuclear apocalypse is in a row so they
stuck their teenage son in cryosleep and
fifty years later Monty finally came up
with a solution
they've been asleep for a hundred and
twenty five years and have made it to a
whole new planet what you thought this
show had run its course but it's just
getting started so get ready for new
alien adventure in season six
[Music]